yes I'm actually in a crazy very right
now I'm trying to catch a fly a lot of
stuff to do math nine boards in like 10
minutes I tried to get the creative
spaces TV episode of the before I left
but it didn't happen so we would have to
finish like the one hour of editing on
the claim about to be
our guitars it's part of pretty
I have arrived tonight uploading create
a space to see via hot spot let's go
so hmm I'm tired valet it is that valet
can we go fight so I edited the
aristocratic space TV uploaded via hot
spot from the airport got it up and now
create a space TV is live have you
watched it yet if you haven't watched it
do it do it do it so I took to Twitter
and I asked you to ask me questions I
totally didn't wearing my Twitter hat
how appropriate because it's time for a
Twitter Q&A you'll carry Perrier but you
won't have Lacroix it's just tastes like
childhood it's fantastic so you guys
asked so many fantastic questions I wish
I could answer every single last one of
them seriously I was like scrolling
through it and I screenshotted literally
like 20 questions what's your favorite
airplane seat window always what do you
value the most and other people i love
driven people people who have their own
hopes and dreams and doing their own
thing number two is probably a sense of
humor this is an interesting one we know
it's hard for a woman to be youtubers so
my question is do you get any rude
comments just because you are a girl
honestly the comments section of
anything rather you're a girl or guy is
like the pit of hell yes sometimes there
are very inappropriate comments but
guess what those people just get blocked
because they are adding no value to this
world a small side note to this question
of woman on YouTube the only thing that
I have run into that is kind of
difficult is when it when you're dealing
what collaborations are dealing with
just hanging out with dudes I have grown
up I have been best friends with dudes
my entire life no I don't think that is
the best thing to do but I am just
someone who likes guys stuff so I ended
up hanging out with guys a lot in the
YouTube sphere most of the youtubers
that I look up to or that I would want
to collaborate with or are in positions
that I would
one day want to be our dudes and a lot
of times things get in the way of those
dudes have girlfriends other things come
into play when me Sarah a chick youtuber
can't just go over to this guy's house
or hang out with the sky alone without
thinking of other people or other
factors so that does get in the way and
it is actually very very annoying a lot
of you guys asked questions similar to
this how do you best manage all your
time during the day filming blogging
editing doing Sarah stuff etc some of
you asked to keep a planner how do you
do all of these things honestly I am
figuring it out I fish right now I have
like 150 unread emails in my inbox
they're like important that I need to
get to and I haven't you know been on a
good sleeping schedule so honestly it's
something I take step by step what is it
that I need to do now I keep all of my
list in my phone whether it's through
the note app and then also when I'm at
home I do have like a lot of random
sticky notes and notepads I don't have
one systematic good way to keep track of
everything I probably should important
pro tip from a book called making ideas
happen by scott belsky if a task take
less than two minutes do not go through
the trouble or writing it down just do
it this has helped me so much because
I'm a list-maker i will make a list that
i never look at but if the list makes me
feel better I'm gonna ride it but now if
I have a short email to write or a quick
edit to do I just do it right then and
there and I don't write it on a list
push done for my internet Nashville
friend Jordan do you show your bigger
projects like creative spaces TV to a
group of friends before you post to get
their overall opinion great question
because it made me wonder about my
process of things because I am doing so
many things at all times usually when
something is finished it is
and is going up as you guys have kind of
seen my process throughout the couple
days of this creative spaces TV it has
been very last minute something I
hopefully will be working on and it
comes down to the wire honestly the only
person who sees it before it goes live
is the person that I'm featuring moment
it's done its share to the outside world
for stuff like this so I'm pretty
confident and just what I think of the
episode so I don't really out I don't
know I think it would make me more
nervous to show a friend or show a
family member I just want to out the
world for you guys to see it when was
the first time you drank Lacroix I don't
remember the specific time but i think
it was sometime last year when i got
really serious about slowing down my dr
pepper consumption i used to be obsessed
dr. pepper which is bad because it's a
soda and i needed something that wasn't
so it didn't have 50 grams of sugar in
it but was something more than just
water Lucroy is so much more than just
water what inspires you to keep creating
honestly right now in my life it's
something I just can't explain I just
have this hunger and I just can't stop
but I was trying to think back to when
did this all start and honestly it was
after high school it was when I had
nothing figured out I was so confused
about life I did not know what I wanted
to do and I just started traveling
yesterday talking to people i started
working a ton i started seeking out
things that I didn't even know I wanted
in life but then I just got this hunger
for creation as hunger to just explore
new things and meet new people and it
was just kind of a byproduct of that and
now I just can't stop I can't stop what
is your most long-term aspirational goal
for creative spaces TV netflix netflix
netflix netflix i'm going to keep saying
it until it happens I mean I guess I
wouldn't accept like a hulu or an HBO or
even TV but netflix do you think you'll
always produce videos for youtube or is
this just starting point for you
and you have bigger plants both I see
youtube as a place that I can keep kind
of the behind-the-scenes daily vlogs of
my life because I love that I've really
been enjoying daily vlogs I love showing
behind the scenes I love keeping up this
relationship with you guys which i think
i will always be doing the matter what
I'm doing in life but my goal really
isn't to be just a youtuber I love doing
YouTube and I think I'm always going to
do it because it's my audience it's my
jam it's my fam but you know I have so
many ideas so many things that I want to
pursue but I'm also so intrigued with
this creative world and all the problems
that are in it and honestly building a
business is just solving a problem that
a lot of people have and I think I have
a lot of ideas that can solve a lot of
problems and so hopefully in the future
I will be able to pursue those and bring
you guys along with the journey well
that is all we have for Twitter QA this
was a good chew a this was enjoyable
thank you so much for tweeting at me if
you don't follow me on Twitter you
should follow me on Twitter honestly so
many things happen on the Twitter it's
crazy if you have not yet watched the
creative spaces TV episode of Jimmy
coward celebrity photographer who is
also making a hotel you should watch it
right now until next time stay peachy
okay bye I'm currently working on a
building a hotel chain from scratch